Provided by explosiveskull
https://twitter.com/kaboomskull
LILY: "Dear diary.
I finally got the courage
to write a good-bye letter
to my father.
'Dad, I am thankful
for all you've done for me.
But I can't be afraid for
my physical health anymore.
You don't listen. You're lost!
I hope you find peace
and forgive yourself.
I'm sorry, I can't stay here.
Not like this. It's time.
Goodbye. I love you.
I'm fucking out of here.'"
[♪♪♪]
I'm just starting to realize
how much I'm gonna miss my mom.
NEIL: Do you think it's a good
idea to turn our phones on?
I just wanted to tell her
I'm okay,
- and that I'm sorry...
- Lily!
Okay, you're right.
Is it off?
Neil, I'm not stupid.
Are you serious right now?
You'll get it back
once you start thinking clearly.
[SIGHS]
[♪♪♪]
[FLY BUZZING]
Don't.
You told me he didn't hit you.
It's nothing.
Get your lazy ass outside now!
LILY:
Leave me alone.
Look at your daddy
when he's talking to you.
You're not my dad
and you smell like a cheap beer.
We said we'd be honest
with each other.
[FLY BUZZING]
[♪♪♪]
Do we still have water?
No.
[SIGHS]
How much longer?
Just a little.
This looks like a good place.
For bears, maybe.
You know, I never realized
how much anxiety you have.
You would
if you really knew me.
Stay here.
Let me see if I can
find that river.
You can pitch the tent
while I'm gone.
I won't be long.
[♪♪♪]
Oh, no.
Neil!
[♪♪♪]
[FOOTSTEPS STOMPING]
I asked you to clean up
the kitchen and what did you do?
Run off to your room
to write in your fucking diary.
[GLASS SHATTERS]
Now maybe we'll get some
actual work done around here.
[RUSTLING]
Neil?
Are you there?
[SOBBING]
- [BARKING, HOWLING]
- [GASPS]
[♪♪♪]
[PANTING]
Hello? Is anyone here?
[SIGHS]
Oh, God.
Hi. Um....
Hello, sir, I-I need help.
I'm so sorry for banging
on the door like that.
- I was with my boyfriend...
- It's all right. It's all right.
I'm just happy you're safe.
Thanks.
Do you have a phone...
Don't just stand there.
Come inside. Come on.
I'll get you some water.
Thanks. You're very kind.
Can I use your phone?
My boyfriend
probably needs help.
[♪♪♪]
Here.
- I really need to use the phone.
- Here you go.
- Oh...
- I'm so sorry.
I'm not mad.
You stink. You go take a shower,
we'll talk later.
Excuse me?
Um, thank you
for the glass of water,
but I think it's better
if I go now.
Where you're going?
Hey! No, no, wait, wait, wait.
Hey, Come back here.
What is the matter with you?
What do you want from me?
I want you to come inside
so we can have
a normal conversation.
- What?
- I am not gonna say it again!
[PHONE RINGING]
- Get inside now.
- Okay.
- What do you... Wait...
- Come on. You come.
Oh, God. Stay.
- [PHONE STOPS RINGING]
- Oh. Goddamn it.
Give me your bag.
Come on.
Sit.
Please.
More water?
You don't understand how serious
my situation is.
Well, you can tell me.
I'm here for you.
There's nothing to tell you.
I don't get it!
- I came here for help and...
- Hey, shh, shh.
- You hear me yelling?
- You were a minute ago.
[SOFTLY]
I'm sorry.
- This is ridiculous.
- No, sit down!
- You can't tell me what to do...
- You... Sit!
[♪♪♪]
- I just wanna go.
- You wanna go.
Well, you can come with me then.
Come on.
- What are you doing?
- Shut up. I don't wanna hear it.
- You are coming with me now.
- You are hurting me.
And you are going in here.
Get in there.
Get in and think about it.
[DOOR SLAMS]
Let me out, you psycho!
[DOORKNOB RATTLING,
LILY POUNDING ON DOOR]
[♪♪♪]
Let me out, you psycho.
[VOICES CHATTERING
INDISTINCTLY]
[PANTING]
I've got to get the hell
out of here.
What are you doing?
What were you gonna do
with that?
Get away from me.
Well, I was gonna come down
and let you out.
I was gonna say sorry,
but now
I find you've been messing
around with all my stuff.
Congratulations.
You're grounded.
[♪♪♪]
[BREATHING SHAKILY]
[BEEPING]
[CRYING]
[LOCK CLICKS]
I thought
you'd be hungry by now.
[DOOR CLOSES]
Sorry I left you down here,
but you left me no choice.
What's going on?
Come upstairs,
we'll get you a shower.
Don't touch me.
I'm not gonna hurt you.
I wanna go find my boyfriend.
Enough with this shit.
You just do as I say.
I'm sorry.
- [SOBBING]
- I'm sorry, I... Look...
I'll get you a new sandwich.
We'll sort everything out.
How does that sound?
I can't have you leaving again.
Again?
I can't even talk to you,
for God's sake!
It's okay, honey.
Come here. Give me a hug.
- Leave me alone!
- What is the matter with you?
What's the matter with me? Does
any of this make sense to you?
All right, that is it.
- I'm not playing games.
- What are you doing? Stop!
- Get off me.
- Come with me.
You get in here, now!
In you go.
Hop on!
You're crazy!
- It's time for you to train.
- Train for what?
Can we just try
to make this work?
You promise not to grab me
like that again?
I'm really sorry.
What can I do
to make it right?
Just leave me alone.
[♪♪♪]
I'll give you the weekend.
Goodnight.
[SOBBING]
LILY:
Let me out, please.
[SIGHS]
Just let me out, please.
[DOOR OPENS]
It's Sunday.
Sunday is a day of rest.
So how about you save your
strength, stop all the yelling
and accept this is the way
things have to be
I'm not gonna let it happen
again. You're going to win.
I have no idea
what you're talking about.
- Stay focused.
- What am I supposed to win?
- I told you many times.
- Win what? Win what?
We both need a clear mind. Argh!
Enough.
One more day.
Wait. Please. I'm hungry.
I know.
What are you doing?
I asked you to wash the car.
Can I please do it tomorrow?
I just got my period.
[♪♪♪]
- [PLAYING PIANO]
- [PHONE RINGING]
[PHONE RINGING]
[DOOR OPENS]
Morning.
How was your breakfast?
It's time. Lie down.
I said lie down.
Come on. Come on.
Chop, chop, chop.
Legs up.
We're gonna start
with some sit-ups.
And... one.
That's it.
Two. Come on.
Three. Oh, come on,
you can do. it.
And four.
No. Keep... Look... Stop.
Take a breath.
- Get your lazy ass outside now.
- Leave me alone.
EVAN:
Are you ready to go again?
No.
Yes! Go.
Don't be such a lazy ass.
[♪♪♪]
[DOOR CLOSES]
Fuck you!
Shit!
Okay.
I'm hoping
you've calmed down a bit.
Are you ready
to give it another try?
[♪♪♪]
What's going on?
What?
- Why did you do that?
- I didn't do anything.
You're allowed to touch
the box with your name,
you're not allowed
to touch anything else.
This is all organized.
- What were you trying to do?
- Nothing.
Do you think I'm happy
leaving you down here?
If you'd just behave,
I wouldn't have to.
Look, it's fine, fine.
Let's just do five, huh?
Then we can go upstairs,
we can have a nice dinner.
- Really?
- Yes.
But you have to do
what I want first.
- Okay.
- Okay. Come on.
You just needed motivation. Hmm?
I'll keep that in mind.
And one.
And two.
And three. Come on.
And four.
Oh, never mind.
Wait. I'm trying.
Come upstairs.
I made you something special.
[DOOR OPENS, CLOSES]
[♪♪♪]
I take it by your reaction
that it's satisfactory?
Have a seat. Hmm?
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
No.
Grace.
We always say grace.
Go on, Katherine.
[♪♪♪]
I thought you were hungry.
Our father who art in heaven.
Thank you for the meal.
Please bless the food
that we are going to...
Going to... To...
I will take that.
Thank you very much.
I don't understand why you are
disrespecting this food.
What, you can't even say grace
properly now?
What are you?
A baby?
I try to do something nice,
you go ahead
and destroy everything.
If you're gonna act like a baby,
you can eat with that.
Don't understand why we can't
have a nice dinner together.
Well, go ahead and eat.
Eat your salad.
What are you doing?
Katherine,
do not throw food on the floor.
What...
- Don't you dare.
- Fuck you!
Hey! You can get back
to the basement.
You gonna disrespect the food?
Get back to the basement.
You go, go. Get out of here.
I don't wanna see you.
Get out of my sight.
[FOOTSTEPS RECEDING]
[LOCK CLICKS]
[♪♪♪]
Take off your clothes.
Here.
Where do you expect me
to change?
In there.
I'll be waiting.
Hurry up.
We've got a lot to do today.
Wow. You've lost more than a few
pounds since you've been gone.
You're gonna be eating better
from now on.
Oh, don't give me that look.
Come on, hop up.
Okay.
You're gonna go.
You know, five-minute walk,
up here to a five-minute run.
I'll be back in 10 minutes.
[DOOR OPENS, CLOSES]
[HUMMING]
[KNOCKING]
[CHUCKLES]
Oh.
- Hey, Jeff.
- Hey.
Good to see you. Come on in.
[PANTING]
So, what brings you out here?
Well, you don't answer
your phone,
so I had to come see you
myself.
Ah. Hey, you want a cup of tea?
Nah, I'm-I'm gonna go
in a minute.
What do you mean?
You just got here, man.
Come on. Take a seat.
So how is everything?
Everything
is really, really great.
- Yeah?
- Oh, yeah. Yeah.
Hey. Guess what?
What?
She's back.
And she started training again.
She's not in the best shape,
but we're gonna get there.
- Who's back?
- Katherine.
Have you stop taking the meds?
[SCOFFS]
[CHUCKLING]
Jeff, I'm fine.
God, everything is great, man.
I mean, she's back.
Evan. Have you stopped
taking the meds or not?
[STAMMERS]
Look, I'm just excited.
I've been waiting for this
for this for months...
- Evan, listen.
- We're gonna go for gold.
- Evan, listen, okay?
- If we can reach our goal
- within two months.
- Evan stop. We all love you!
Okay? You know this.
Why did you come out here, Jeff?
Hey.
And once you come all this way,
for God knows...
It's been ages since you've come
out here. Why? To piss me off?
- No, listen...
- Yeah, to bring me down.
- I came all the way to see you.
- Just like Dad's memorial.
You hugged a teenage girl out of
nowhere. What'd you expect?
I expect my brother
to give me a bit of support.
- I do support you, Evan.
- Oh.
Will you do me a favor?
Let's just...
- I'll take you to the doctor.
- I don't...
- I don't need that stuff anymore.
- I can take you there now.
No, I don't
have time for that.
- I got Katherine, we gonna work.
- Evan.
I can't do this anymore.
- What do you mean?
- I'm leaving, Evan.
- This time for good.
- [TREADMILL BEEPING]
- I'm gonna call that doctor.
- Oh.
And he better tell me
that he's seen you recently.
I'll go, I promise. I-I will.
Take care, okay?
Yeah, yeah, sure.
Hey, Jeff.
Wanna say hello to Katherine?
I'm tired, Evan. Get some help.
[♪♪♪]
Sorry I took so long.
Your uncle stopped by.
Hey, I'm down here, hey.
What are you doing? He's gone.
Call him and tell him
to come back, please.
- I wanna see my uncle.
- I know, honey.
I told him you wanted to see him
but he had to go.
Oh, look at you.
You're all sweaty.
You were running for a long
time. I'm very proud of you.
Here. Come upstairs.
We'll get you cleaned up.
[SHOWER RUNNING]
Here you go.
I've got your towel.
What are you doing?
Get the fuck out!
- All right, all right. Okay.
- Out!
Keep your hair on.
Nothing I haven't seen before.
[SHOWER CONTINUES RUNNING]
In here, sweetie.
Must feel good.
To be home.
Did you leave the water running?
- Oh, I forgot.
- We can't waste water.
[♪♪♪]
You kind of left the room in
a bit of a mess. But you know,
I think I managed to get
everything back in its place.
Yeah. Thank you.
Mr. Mo's been waiting for you.
Oh, come on.
You remember Mr. Mo.
[CHUCKLES, GIBBERS]
[BABY-TALKING]
I love you.
Of course.
Well, you take some time,
and I'll go make some food.
Okay.
Daddy.
[♪♪♪]
[LOCK CLICKS]
[SIGHS]
[HUMMING]
[FLY BUZZING]
[♪♪♪]
That's not gonna happen
this year.
You're a champion.
You're gonna get
that scholarship.
I thought you might wanna
eat in the room.
Hey. I'm sorry for acting
like such an idiot.
I'm not proud of my behavior.
Just...
I want things to go back to the
way that they were between us.
I love you.
I love you too, Daddy.
[♪♪♪]
[CREAKING]
[KNIFE CHOPPING]
[WATER RUNNING]
Hey.
Oh, hey.
- Where were you going?
- Huh?
I just wanted to see
if you needed help.
You wanna help with cooking?
Yeah.
You hate cooking.
I know, but I just figured
maybe you needed help.
Say no more. Come with me.
I got a job for you.
Here. You cut the tomatoes.
[KETTLE WHISTLING]
Making tea.
You want some?
Sure.
I thought I'd surprise you
and make your favorite.
What do you think about that?
Risotto. I love it.
Risotto.
Since when do we have risotto?
- Is that what you like now?
- No.
Well, yeah.
But whatever you wanna make.
[CHUCKLES]
I'm making spaghetti.
Oh, I love spaghetti.
It's my favorite.
Go ahead
and chop that tomato.
- We're gonna need that.
- Okay.
When did you learn
to do that?
- My mom taught...
- Your mom?
She was terrible
at chopping tomatoes.
I didn't finish.
She taught me how not cut them.
- She was so bad at it.
- [CHUCKLES]
Oh, that.
That's the Katherine
that I know and love.
- I'm done with cooking now.
- Okay.
You go off and have a rest.
We're gonna have
to work out later.
[♪♪♪]
So where are you off to now?
I was just gonna get
some fresh air.
It's really hot in here.
You forgot your tea.
I changed my mind.
You've changed a lot lately.
You know...
I think it may be best
for you to go to your room now.
[SIGHS]
[♪♪♪]
"Dear diary, my dad took away
my friend, Mr. Mo today.
I miss him but dad says I need
to be a grown-up girl now."
"All my family was here
for my birthday.
After everyone left, my mom
started cleaning as usual.
Dad and I played our game
in total darkness.
He tried to chase me
around the house,
but he caught me right away.
He was mad at me for being
too slow and now I'm grounded."
What was all that about?
You can do better than that.
I mean, that was not fast.
If I can catch you,
the guy in the back
can definitely catch you. Okay?
I told you time and time again,
you got to stay focused.
You can't get distracted.
"We played hide and seek again.
I love this game, but my
parents always fight afterwards.
He's so bossy
and always makes me cry."
I want all lights on
from now on.
That's the second of my vases
you've broken in two months.
Ivy, is just a vase.
Don't you dare raise
your voice at me.
Sorry.
Here.
- What you're doing is wrong.
- What is wrong?
What's happened to you,
Evan?
I don't know what to do anymore.
I want our daughter to succeed.
Is that a crime?
She's 12 years old. It's sick.
Let her enjoy her childhood.
She's not just a child anymore.
It is not normal at her age
to get that much exercise.
- Don't you get it?
- We were just playing.
It's good for her.
She loves it.
Let her choose her own dreams.
Not yours.
You've become like your father.
Oh, don't.
It's the truth.
[DOOR CREAKING]
She doesn't want this.
Look,
am I really like my father?
You can't just throw that
in my face and walk away.
She's gonna thank me one day.
You're gonna see that.
- She's gonna thank me.
- You need to stop this madness.
[♪♪♪]
[EVAN HUMMING IN DISTANCE]
"Sweet 16."
- Dad?
- Uh-huh?
- I'm gonna go out tonight.
- Mm? What's that?
What? Oh, no you're not.
It's your birthday.
It's time for family, hon.
Yeah, but dad I-I'm 16,
I wanna go out.
- Who with?
- Does it matter?
- Um, with Jared.
- No.
Dad, please don't do this.
I promise I'll come home early
and spend time with you.
You heard what I said,
don't make me say it again.
- Daddy, I'm begging you.
- Look, your Uncle Jeff
is gonna be here in two hours,
then have a lovely dinner
your mother's worked
really hard to make.
- We're gonna play some games.
- [PHONE RINGING]
Besides,
you've got to get to bed early.
You got that five-mile run
in the morning.
Mom!
[PHONE RINGING]
Hello? Hey, Jeff.
Look, Jeff.
I'm gonna go, okay?
It doesn't help
just having you nag me, okay?
Yes, yes, anything
that makes you happy, okay?
Yeah, okay.
Au revoir to you too.
Katherine,
food's ready in 10 minutes.
Okay, Daddy.
"Today, I got my period again.
Dad doesn't handle this well,
every single time.
He's so awkward
with the whole situation.
[DOOR OPENS]
Food's ready.
- [PHONE RINGING]
- Oh, no.
[GROANS]
Uncle Jeff's driving me bananas.
[♪♪♪]
EVAN:
Hello. Oh, hi there, Jeff.
Nice to hear from you again.
Look, look, Jeff, okay,
everything is fine over here.
Could you just...
Would you please stop calling.
[RECEIVER CLICKS]
I'm serving dinner.
Come on.
Daddy,
I just started my period.
Ah... Oh, uh,
but your dinner's ready.
- I need some pads.
- Oh, okay.
Can you just
use something else?
I don't wanna drive
to town again...
I need some pads right now.
But I don't want to drive,
though.
- [WHINING] Daddy!
- Okay, look.
I'm sorry, look,
I'm sorry, please.
Okay, please, don't cry,
don't cry.
I'll go.
I'll be like an hour.
[♪♪♪]
Hey, hon, I think
it would be a really good idea
if you went to the basement
and trained while I was gone.
- No, please, can I stay here?
- No, Katherine.
I really want you to go
to the basement and train.
You can either go nicely
or I can take you down there.
Fine.
Just let me
grab something first.
What do you got there?
It's just my diary. Jeez.
- KATHERINE: Hey mom.
- IVY: Yeah.
KATHERINE:
How did you meet Dad?
[CHUCKLES]
Oh, you're taking me
way back now.
I thought your dad
already told you.
Yeah, but I want to hear
your version.
Well, we were working
at the same school together,
and we kind of liked each other.
It took your dad
two semesters to ask me out.
[SCOFFS]
You can't tell by looking at
him now, but he used to be shy.
- No way.
- [CHUCKLES] Yeah.
I still remember
when he asked me out.
His hand were shaking,
his face was all red,
sweating all over
this horrible brown shirt.
[LAUGHS]
[RAIN PATTERING,
THUNDER RUMBLING]
You're set, honey.
You're gorgeous.
Jared's gonna lose it tonight.
[ENGINE REVVING]
[♪♪♪]
- He's home early.
- It's okay.
Just let me do the talking.
KATHERINE:
He must been speeding, again.
[CAR APPROACHING]
Shit.
[MOTORCYCLE APPROACHING]
Hello, good sir.
The name is Neil.
Sorry to bother you,
but do you have a minute?
What do you need?
Have you seen my girlfriend?
[♪♪♪]
Have you seen her?
She's lost.
- Is this a joke?
- Excuse me?
Do you think this is funny?
- I don't understand.
- What was your name?
- Neil.
Let me get this straight, Neil.
You're coming on my property,
you tell me the girl
in this picture
she's your girlfriend
and she's missing.
That's right, sir.
Who put you up to this?
I'm just here to...
It's Jeff!
Jeff put you up to this.
Excuse me?
I want you to get off
of my property
and not come back.
- Can I...
- Am I making myself clear?
- Can I get my picture back...
- You're on a private property.
Want me
to call the cops?
Sir, I just want
the picture back...
No, I want you out of here.
It's your final warning.
Okay, jeez, psycho.
I'm not gonna say it again.
[MOTORCYCLE REVS]
Drive safe.
LILY: "Dad got mad at me
again for no apparent reason.
It always happens randomly.
One second he's calm,
and the next,
he becomes a different person.
A beast.
You can't escape from a beast.
He needs help. I need help.
I miss mom."
[DOOR OPENS, CLOSES]
Sorry, I'm late back.
I, uh... I got your... You know.
Uncle Jeff wouldn't stop nagging
me about going to the doctor.
So I...
I called in while I was out,
uh, picked up some meds.
Oh, look, it's nothing,
it's just, uh...
When you left I was, uh,
seeing him for a bit just,
you know,
to help with my anger
and my anxiety and stuff.
Hey, don't worry,
I'm working on my nerves.
You want me to stay here?
I was gonna fix dinner.
I'm gonna go to my room.
[♪♪♪]
I promised myself
I wasn't gonna ask say this.
During this little break
you had,
where were you?
- Who were you with?
- What do you mean?
You know exactly what I mean.
I was with my boyfriend.
Jared.
[SCOFFS]
You were with Jared.
Yeah, why?
No reason.
Wait.
Since we're here,
let's check your height.
See if you've grown any taller.
- I'm not feeling well.
- Come on.
We're gonna get
your measurements.
Up against the wall.
Come on.
Up straight, up straight.
Keep your head up.
I don't wanna make a mistake.
All right. Step aside.
No, that can't be right.
What are you? Hunchbacked?
Come on, try again.
Put your back against the wall.
Here.
That's better.
Looks like we've got
to strengthen your back.
Come on. We'll get your weight.
Hop up.
A hundred pounds?
You've lost 20 pounds. Oh.
Oh, cool, no don't worry.
God. It's not a problem, you
know, nothing to worry about.
Keep your cool.
Here.
- How many?
- I don't know how many.
Years of preparation
just went to hell. Jesus.
- You don't have any respect.
- Sorry.
Just do it till I say stop,
come on.
Did I say stop?
I don't even know why I bother.
It's just
a complete waste of time...
Ow!
Psycho.
Katherine!
Give me the keys.
[WHIMPERS]
I said give me the fucking keys.
[YELLS]
How could you do that?
How could you do that
to your own father?
How could you do that?
Your own father.
How could you do that
to someone who loves you?
[SOBBING]
[SCREAMS]
"First day at the hospital."
Oh, no.
[♪♪♪]
Your dinner is on the table.
I'm sorry.
Daddy.
Can you say the prayer tonight?
Sure.
Bless us, oh lord,
for these, thy gifts,
which we are about to receive
from thy bounty, though Christ.
Bless us, oh lord,
for these, thy gifts,
which we are about to receive
from the bounty,
through Christ, our lord.
Thank you for bringing
my daughter back to me.
I promise to love her
with all my heart,
no matter what she does.
Everything I have is hers.
Please, just give me
the patience,
to help her achieve her dreams,
without losing my cool
like a complete freakin' idiot.
Amen.
Well, go ahead. Just...
Eat your dinner.
Dad?
Yes, sweetie.
The schools are gonna open
again soon.
When do you have to go back?
I've retired, hon.
I retired after you left.
I just... I...
So, what about me?
Well, your Uncle Jeff.
He said it was better
that I stay out here,
so I'm gonna be teaching you.
You're gonna be doing
some homeschooling.
[♪♪♪]
You know, they-they named
the library after your mother.
- Oh, I didn't know that.
- You should have been there.
If you haven't blamed me
and just run off.
- I don't blame you. That's not...
- You know, don't. Don't.
- I'm not.
- Just...
Finish your dinner
then wash the dishes.
[WATER RUNNING]
Dad?
Yeah?
Could we have some music?
It's really quiet in here.
You wanna hear your lullaby?
Sure.
- [PLAYING PIANO]
- [HUMMING]
What the hell?
[STOPS PLAYING]
Hey, you know
what I was thinking?
What?
We haven't play our little game
for a long time.
How about we have
a bit of fun?
Yeah.
Ready?
[♪♪♪]
[FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING]
Here comes Daddy.
- Ow!
- What? What?
- Are you okay? Are you okay?
- It's my ankle.
Come on. Up. Up. Oh, I got you.
I got you. Keep it still.
Here we go. Here we go.
[♪♪♪]
[RUMBLING]
Come on.
We're getting out of here.
Watch your ankle.
[EVAN GRUNTS]
[CROW CAWING]
- Is it over?
- Yeah, I think so.
Okay, come on, let's go in.
- I can walk.
- Okay.
[♪♪♪]
Katherine?
I wanna stay out here
a little longer.
It will be a mess inside.
I need you to help me
clean it up.
Okay.
Oh, no. Hey. Whoa, whoa, whoa.
I'll take that.
Your mom made that.
- Oh, I-I forgot.
- Yeah. Better get it fixed up.
It's the photo damaged?
No. The glass is broken, though.
That was my last race.
Now, that is not
gonna happen to you.
Your father cares.
You are gonna win.
Well, about time.
How you feeling?
- Good. Yeah.
- Yeah? Feeling good?
- Feeling strong?
- Yeah, I'm ready.
Let's go, girl. Go.
Three laps around the lines. Go!
See if you can beat my record
any time soon, hon.
No, Katherine.
Eyes straight ahead.
Don't get distracted.
That's it girl. That's it!
[♪♪♪]
Come on. Put the pace on.
Keep the pace up.
One more lap. Come on.
No, wait, wait, Katherine.
- [YELLS]
- No, Katherine.
Katherine. Katherine.
Please, no, don't leave.
- Don't leave.
- [SCREAMS]
My ankle. My ankle.
What? What? Oh, no.
Oh, no. Oh, no.
Careful. Okay.
Can we eat it?
- Yep.
- Great.
[LAUGHS]
Okay.
Seventy-one, 72, 73...
[PLAYING PIANO]
Whoa, whoa, no, whoa, whoa. Oh.
You're not ready.
Am I not ready or is it you?
Switch around. Come on.
[EVAN CHOPPING]
[CROW CAWING]
Come on, you must've
finished your homework by now.
- Your dinner's getting cold.
- I did. Okay.
Come on, grab the plates.
I know somebody who's gonna have
a birthday soon.
- Oh, right.
- What?
Oh, you did not forget
your birthday, did you?
Just for a second,
I remember now.
[TUTTING]
Better start thinking
about what you want.
Anything you like. Name it.
You know exactly what I want,
Dad.
I just wanted to say how very,
very proud I am of you.
It's true. I, uh...
you worked towards your goals
with determination, commitment,
and you've got out of your
comfort zone every single day...
- Would you stop it already?
- Why?
I just want to say
what I really feel.
We did it together, Dad.
If it weren't for you,
I wouldn't come this far.
- So you're feeling ready?
- Yeah.
Hey, that's good, 'cause
I've entered you in a race.
- What?
- Oh, yeah.
You're gonna be running
in seven weeks.
- I'm running in seven weeks?
- You sure are.
- Thanks, Dad.
- [CHUCKLES]
I waited for such a long time.
That's it!
- What's it?
- The best present.
- Oh.
- You forgot the tomatoes.
[CROW CONTINUES CAWING]
[DOOR OPENS]
[CAMERA BEEPS]
[DOOR CLOSES]
[CHUCKLES]
That, uh, bird
was driving me nuts.
- Here, get in.
- What?
Oh, no. Don't.
You don't want that.
- I wanna remember the moment.
- I'm terrible at selfies.
[WHIRRING]
I love you, Dad.
I love you more.
Hey, come on. Let's eat.
We have to pray first.
Bless us, oh lord,
for these, thy gifts,
which we're about to receive
from thy bounty
through Christ,
our Lord. Amen.
And 98, come on.
Here she comes, 99.
Here we go, ladies and gentlemen
and it's a hundred.
Ladies and gentlemen,
she did a hundred.
- Whoo-hoo!
- Yeah!
Oh, my God. Oh, my God.
You. I am so proud of you,
you're amazing.
Come on. Up here. Let's go.
Stand up straight,
stand up straight. Here we go.
And...
She's getting bigger.
Come on, moment of truth.
Here we go. Up you get. Come on.
You get.
Don't look. Don't look!
- Oh, no.
- What?
It's freaking perfect.
- It is freaking perfect!
- Whoo!
[HUMMING]
♪ Sleep now, Katherine
My love ♪
♪ Safe with Mr. Mo ♪
♪ Sleep and Daddy
Will be there ♪
♪ Wherever dreams may go ♪
I didn't mean to kill your mom.
I know.
You look just like her.
Hey, honeybun.
Didn't know you were up.
- I'm gonna go for a run.
- Oh, no, you're not.
This is your special day.
But the race
is in a couple of days.
Oh, yes. And today is Sunday
and Sunday is...
- A day of rest.
- That's right.
Close your eyes.
Open.
Happy birthday.
- Is this...?
- It is.
- Thanks, Dad.
- Ah! Forgetting something?
Hm-mm.
[LAUGHS]
Gotcha. Off you go.
I'm gonna be heading out
for a while.
No birthday without cake.
[CAR ENGINE STARTS]
[♪♪♪]
[HUMMING]
What are you doing out here?
Hi, dad.
Well, don't just stand there.
Get over here. Give your old
man a hand, huh? Come on.
Here. You take that one.
And you take that one.
I'll take this one.
Oh!
Come on. Come inside.
Come on.
Dad? Are you okay?
Better get that ice cream
in the freezer before it melts.
I got your favorite.
Chocolate fudge sundae.
Oh, yeah, I know.
There goes the diet.
But hey, it's only once a year.
What are you doing?
No, I don't want you in here
while I'm setting up.
You go to your room.
This could take a while.
How'd you know I'd be here?
You are going to spoil
the surprise.
Go to your room. Go on,
quick, quick, go, go!
That's it?
Go to your room?
How about I miss you,
I love you, I hate you,
where the hell have you been?
Of course I love you. What the
hell kind of question is that?
Are you on your period?
I don't understand.
Just go to your room, please?
Go on. Do some homework.
- Homework? I don't have homework.
- Just go.
Okay, I'm going.
[EVAN HUMMING]
Hey. Heh-heh.
[♪♪♪]
LILY:
I love your handwriting.
Who are you?
Did you read my diary?
Yes. To study you.
I've admired you
for a long time.
What?
I never thought
I'd meet you in person.
- All right, enough.
- [SCOFFS]
It's funny. Your voice
is just like I imagined it.
- Happy birthday, by the way.
- Thanks.
How does it feel
to finally be an adult?
Free? Independent?
Must not have liked it much,
or you wouldn't be back.
Enough about me.
I want to know who you are.
I'm you, a year younger.
Excuse me?
I live here now.
I sleep in your bed, eat
your food, wear your clothes.
I chose this dress for tonight.
What do you think?
Dad likes it on me.
He says green is my color.
[♪♪♪]
I broke your record
for the mile, by the way.
I finally made Dad proud.
Dad? Why do you keep calling
my dad that? What's going on?
You see, I'm not afraid
of anything anymore.
It's because
I'm finally happy now.
- You're starting to freak me out.
- I know. You're scared.
- I was scared too.
- Please stay there.
You don't get it, do you?
[GASPS]
I don't know what you want.
I just came here to see my dad.
I'm not looking
for any trouble.
He needed help
after the accident.
Even if he was
speeding that night,
you could have supported him.
He didn't do it on purpose.
Oh, look at her.
- She's crying.
- [SNIFFLING]
What a poor little bitch!
He loves you.
You have no idea
how it really feels
to have a monster
type of a father.
A beast!
I can't go back.
I'm sorry.
[THUDS]
[♪♪♪]
EVAN: Everything okay in
there, sweetheart?
Everything's fine, Daddy.
EVAN:
Don't keep me waiting.
Okay.
[♪♪♪]
♪ Happy birthday to you
Happy birthday to you ♪
♪ Happy birthday
Dear Katherine ♪
♪ Happy birthday to you ♪
Make a wish.
Oh, my God, you...
You're so beautiful.
Thanks, Dad.
Can we go for a drive?
Yeah, sure. Of course we can.
I'm driving.
Sure and I'll just get my wallet
and I'll see you in the car.
[♪♪♪]
[ENGINE STARTS]
- Be careful.
- Always.
[♪♪♪]
[SINGER VOCALIZING]
Provided by explosiveskull
https://twitter.com/kaboomskull